feat(manager-react-components): add search in datagrid topbar component (#15312)
ovh/manager: packages/manager-react-components/src/components/datagrid/documentation.mdx

/>

---

### Search

#### How to use It

> 1 - In your columns definition, fill `isSearchable` attribute, it will display the search bearch in datagrid topbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1 - In your columns definition, fill `isSearchable` attribute, it will display the search input in datagrid topbar.
```

Reviewer: I would also suggest to call the top of the `Datagrid` `header` and the bottom `footer`, for the header of the columns `column header`

Author: 👍

<Source
  code={`
    export const columns = [
        {
            id: 'label',
            cell: (item: Item) => {
                return <DataGridTextCell>{item.label}</DataGridTextCell>;
            },
            label: 'Label',
            isFilterable: true,
            isSearchable: true,
        }
    ];
    `}
  language="javascript"
/>

2 - Pass `search` object to Datagrid component

<Source
  code={`
<Datagrid
    {...}
    search={search}
/>`}
  language="javascript"
/>

What contains `search` object :

- **searchInput**: react state, can be string | number | null
- **setSearchInput**: setter of search input state
- **onSearch**: handler when user click on the button search.

#### Search with useResourcesIcebergV6

**_note : apiv6 only support operator `&`, we can't combine multiple search_**

1 - Fill `columns` attribute with your columns definition

<Source
  code={`
import {
  useResourcesIcebergV6,
} from '@ovh-ux/manager-react-components';
  const {
    {...}
    search, // it return search object
  } = useResourcesIcebergV6({
    {...}
    columns, // you have to pass the columns definition now
  });
    `}
  language="javascript"
/>

> 2 - `search` object return by `useResourcesIcebergV6` must be use in your datagrid component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 -  The`search` object returned by the `useResourcesIcebergV6` hook must be passed to your `Datagrid`'s props
```

Author: 👍
